Update pull_request_template.md (#3072)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Checklist
<!--
Uncomment if you're publishing docs for a prerelease version of dbt (delete if not applicable):
- [ ] Add versioning components, as described in [Versioning Docs](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/single-sourcing-content.md#versioning-entire-pages)
- [ ] Add a note to the prerelease version [Migration Guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/tree/current/website/docs/guides/migration/versions)
-->

> - [ ] Review the [Content style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [About versioning](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/single-sourcing-content.md#versioning-entire-pages) so my content adheres to these guidelines.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Review the [Content style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [About versioning](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/single-sourcing-content.md#adding-a-new-version) so my content adheres to these guidelines.
```

> - [ ] Add versioning components, as described in [Versioning Docs](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/versioningdocs.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add versioning components, as described in [Versioning Docs](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/single-sourcing-content.md#versioning-entire-pages)
```

Author: this is the one @nghi-ly !

- [ ] Add a note to the prerelease version [Migration Guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/tree/current/website/docs/guides/migration/versions)
-->

> - [ ] Review the [Content style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [About versioning](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/single-sourcing-content.md#adding-a-new-version) so my content adheres to these guidelines.

Reviewer: hey @mirnawong1 : i just tested this ^ link. it works, it's not a "dead link" :

<img width="977" alt="link" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107218380/228581893-19ef915b-d14f-43cd-b2bf-3838366b44ec.png">

am i missing something? ty!

Author: oh right! it's the commented out section 'about versioning' that's dead. updated it !

> - [ ] Review the [Content style guide](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md) and [About versioning](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/single-sourcing-content.md#versioning-entire-pages) so my content adheres to these guidelines.

Reviewer: should this update be reverted then?

Author: yes will do in 5 mins, just working on something else but on it soon!
